RETURN POLICY

Last updated February 20, 2023


Thank you for your purchase. We hope you are happy with your purchase. However, if you are not completely satisfied with your purchase for any reason, you may return it to us for a full refund or an exchange. Please see below for more information on our return policy.

RETURNS

All returns must be postmarked within seven (7) days of the purchase date. All returned items must be in new and unused condition, with all original tags and labels attached.

RETURN PROCESS

To return an item, please email customer service at lokeshwarfashionhouse@gmail.com to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. After receiving a RMA number, place the item securely in its original packaging and If the customer wants to return the products (if the products follow and includes on our return policy terms and conditions and recognized as a valid return policy product) then, the customer should give the email address, contract mobile number and the memo or the slip of purchase . The customer must give the order number to apply for a request to return a product and must be verify the proof of purchase . Otherwise, the customer will be not eligible for returning the product. Please follow the instraction and, then mail your return to the following address:

Lokeshwar fashion house
Attn: Returns
RMA #
email at : lokeshwarfashionhouse@gmail.com. If you are eligible for retuning the product we will inform the return address by email or phone or other contracting method.
__________, __________
Bangladesh

Please note, you will be responsible for all return shipping charges. We strongly recommend that you use a trackable method to mail your return. 

REFUNDS

After receiving your return and inspecting the condition of your item, we will process your return or exchange. Please allow at least seven (7) days from the receipt of your item to process your return or exchange. We will notify you by email when your return has been processed.

EXCEPTIONS

For defective or damaged products, please contact us at the contact details below to arrange a refund or exchange.

Please Note
     ●     If the customer wants to return the products (if the products follow and includes on our return policy terms and conditions and recognized as a valid return policy product) then, the customer should give the email address, contract mobile number and the memo or the slip of purchase . The customer must give the order number to apply for a request to return a product and must be verify the proof of purchase . Otherwise, the customer will be not eligible for returning the product.
     ●     Must be include the order number.
     ●     The customer must be include the phone number which was usued for making orders
     ●     The customer must be include the email address which was usued for making orders
     ●     The customer can apply or check the returning status by logging on the website.
     ●     The customer should be include real and varified information while processing a return of the product
     ●     The returning process may be the subject of time, so don't become panic. You will be notified all the update by email and check the returning process by login our website.
     ●     NOTE: THE CHANGING OF MIND FOR RETURNING PRODUCT IS NOT APPLICABLE
     ●     You cannot make return the product for changing mind. If the product is damaged or the product quality is bad then you can apply for returning the product

QUESTIONS

If you have any questions concerning our return policy, please contact us at:

lokeshwarfashionhouse@gmail.com
This return policy was created using Termly's Return and Refund Policy Generator.